Improve documentation of reliability testing (#41423)
camunda/camunda: docs/testing/reliability-testing.md

![setup](assets/setup.png)

The setup for all of our load tests is equal for better comparability, and consist of two main ingredients.

1. The official [Camunda Platform Helm Chart](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm), taking care of the general set up of our Camunda 8 Platform.
2. A custom Helm chart ([camunda-load-tests](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-load-tests-helm)) to set up our load test applications.

> We always ran load tests with a three-node cluster, configured with three partitions and a replication factor of three. Depending on the version of Camunda/Zeebe, we might only deploy Zeebe Brokers and the Zeebe (standalone) gateway (with two replicas) only (pre 8.8) or (with 8.8+) the single Camunda application (with an embedded gateway). To validate that our data flow pipeline is working, we are running an Elasticsearch cluster with three nodes for any Camunda test cluster.

Reviewer: ❓ 
> To validate that our data flow pipeline is working

I don't follow this implication, how do we validate that it's working?

Author: Otherwise the exporting wouldn't work. In future we will add quering REST API to check when data is available to measure the complete round trip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We always ran load tests with a three-node cluster, configured with three partitions and a replication factor of three. Depending on the version of Camunda/Zeebe, we might only deploy Zeebe Brokers and the Zeebe (standalone) gateway (with two replicas) only (pre 8.8) or (with 8.8+) the single Camunda application (with an embedded gateway). 

An Elasticsearch cluster with three nodes is deployed as well, which is used to validate the performance of the exporters. Exporting and archiving throughput must be able to sustain the load of the cluster.  
```

I just rephrased the last sentence, wdyt?

Author: Sounds good thanks

This method allows no specific configuration or adjustment. If this is needed, triggering the [Camunda load test GitHub workflow](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/actions/workflows/camunda-load-test.yml) is recommended.

##### Trigger Camunda load test GitHub Workflow

The [Camunda load test GitHub workflow](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/actions/workflows/camunda-load-test.yml) is the **easiest** way to run a load test for a specific branch or main (default) with more customization. We support to set up load tests for different Camunda/Zeebe versions, by selecting the specific workflow revision as part of the workflow dispatch form (UI).

It allows high customization:

* Specification of the Camunda/Zeebe version to test against (by selecting the workflow revision) - will make sure to use the right Camunda Platform Helm Chart version and values file.

> * Specification of the branch to test against (default: main) - will build a Docker image based on the specified branch.

Reviewer: 🔧 we could also specify that branch is used for the load tests applications as well
